[Term Entry] Command line Bash: Input-Output Redirection #6287 (#6305)
Codecademy/docs: content/command-line/concepts/bash/terms/input-output-redirection/input-output-redirection.md

---

> Title: 'Bash: Input-Output Redirection'

Reviewer: The title should be the same as the file name and should be focused only on the topic being discussed.

```suggestion
Title: 'Input Output Redirection'
```

> Description: 'Redirection allows the modification of the destination of standard input and standard output in a shell.'

Reviewer: This can be written in a more direct and simplified way - 

```suggestion
Description: 'Redirection modifies the destination of standard input and output in a shell.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Bash/Shell'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:

>   - 'Bash/Shell'
>   - 'Command Line'
>   - 'Linux'
>   - 'Redirection'

Reviewer: Tags should be picked from the list in [tags.md](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). `'Bash/Shell'` and `'Redirection'` are not valid tags.

```suggestion
  - 'Command Line'
  - 'Linux'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-the-command-line'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> Redirection is a form of input-output manipulation in a shell program such as [Bash](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/command-line/bash). Redirection allows changing the values of `stdout` and `stdin` in a shell to a different location, i.e., a file can be read to `stdin` instead of taking input from keyboard and the output can be written to a file instead of going to terminal which is the default value of `stdout` in most cases.

Reviewer: This can be simplified for better readability like this - 

```suggestion
In shell programs such as [Bash](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/command-line/bash), **redirection** is a powerful mechanism that allows control over where input comes from and where output goes. By default, commands read input (`stdin`) from the keyboard and send output (`stdout`) to the terminal. However, redirection makes it possible to read from files, write to files, or even discard output altogether.
```

> To perform redirection special notations interpreted by the shell are used. The `<` and `>` operators are used for output and input redirections respectively.

Reviewer: This can be better written in list format - 

```suggestion
Special operators are used for redirection:

- `<` redirects input.
- `>` redirects output.
```

> 

Reviewer: We can include H2 to separate the examples for input and output redirection.

```suggestion
## Output Redirection
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: This should be `shell` code block -

```suggestion
```shell
```

> echo "This is a redirection example." > red_file.txt
> cat red_file.txt
> This is a redirection example.

Reviewer: The last sentence is output -

```suggestion
echo "This is a redirection example." > red_file.txt
cat red_file.txt
# Output:
# This is a redirection example.
```

```

> In above example, `>` operator sets `stdout` to `red_file.txt`. It directs `echo` command to write the supplied string to `red_file.txt` file. Remember that the redirection happens before the `echo` is executed. If `red_file.txt` doesn't exist, it will be created. If it does exist, all the content of the original file will be erased.

Reviewer: This can be simplified like this - 

```suggestion
In the example above, the `>` operator redirects stdout to `red_file.txt`, instructing the echo command to write the supplied string to the file. Redirection occurs before `echo` is executed. 

> **Note**: If `red_file.txt` does not exist, it is created. If it already exists, its content is overwritten.
```

> 

Reviewer: We can include H2 to separate the examples for input and output redirection.

```suggestion
## Input Redirection
```

> Input redirection allows the processes to read from a file instead of the keyboard. Let's use a input redirection operator.

Reviewer: This can be rewritten simply as - 

```suggestion
Input redirection allows a program to read from a file instead of the keyboard.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: This should be `shell` code block -

```suggestion
```shell
```

> cat < red_file.txt
> This is a redirection example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cat < red_file.txt
# Output:
# This is a redirection example.
```

Reviewer: Try using a different example here for more clarity

```

The result is same as `cat red_file.txt` but this time it works a little differently. In `cat red_file.txt`, the `cat` opens `red_file.txt` and prints out the content to the terminal but in `cat < red_file.txt`, `cat` reads directly from `stdin` as `<` operator has set the `stdin` to `red_file.txt`.

> 

Reviewer: We can have a heading here - 

```suggestion
## Suppressing Output
```

> To suppress the output, you can redirect the output to `/dev/null`. `/dev/null` is a virtual device which is always empty.

Reviewer: Avoid using 'you'

```suggestion
To suppress the output, redirect the output to `/dev/null`, which is a virtual device that is always empty.
```

> ```bash
> echo "This is a redirection example." > /dev/null
> # This prints out nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
echo "This is a redirection example." > /dev/null
# No output is printed.
```
